# Static site engine

This is a very basic static site engine. It takes the files from the ./src/pages folder and processes them into a final set of .html file in ./dest, based on what's inside the various files in the ./src/parts and ./src/style files, together with a globacl ./src/config.json file in which you can specify symbols that should be replaced with values (quite like Handlebars, but in a very primitive way here), among other things. You then have a static website in the ./dest folder ready to serve.

Right now it is not very stable, where some files and folders are expected to (already) exist, and no checks are performed on those and no fallback options are provided. So it's not very flexible. You can use this as a boilerplate to use with the engine to set up a static website with a couple of pages though. I've played around a little bit with styling but it is by no means finished. I would actually recommend going for something like Bootstrap if you want to actually add good styling and clear out all the .sass files that are here, even though the structure is good: group things by part, not by type.

It can handle .html and .md files (and .txt files, although that won't look too great I fear) as page files and will parse them in with the rest of the parts as content. The sidebar is optional now and can be set to false in the config.json file. Styling (for what it's worth) mainly is determined by the ./src/style/variables.scss file, making it easy to switch to another color scheme or another way of arranging the different parts. Files that are more interesting perhaps are the ./replace-text.js and ./scan-dir.js files that are reusable files that provide functions with which to perform more generic operations, like listing files in a directory recursively and find/replacing strings in a text, also based on regular expressions.

I added a semblance of "responsiveness" by putting some \@media queries on the .container class, but it's a starting point, all the elements are still all over each other when you hit the smaller screen sizes.
